README.md, before:

# HeteroNanoCarb

## https://heteronanocarb.org/

<p align="center">
    <img title="HeteroNanoCarb Logo" width="400" src="logo/NoDate/HeteroNanoCarb_NoDate.png">
</p>

Website files for the HeteroNanoCarb website.

- Conference organiser: Raul Arenal
- Website built by Phil Ewels ([@ewels](https://github.com/ewels/)): <https://phil.ewels.co.uk>

## Web technologies

The site is built with static HTML + CSS. Not much has changed since the original 2013 edition.

The CSS framework used is [Foundation](https://get.foundation/).

## Archiving old sites

For each new iteration of the conference, the site files are copied into a subfolder to archive that year's website and the HTML updated for the next year.

## Holding page

To have a holding web page in place, rename:

- `index.html` to `index_site.html`
- `index_holding.html` to `index.html`

This lets you preview <https://heteronanocarb.org/index_site.html> as you build it but the website will show the holding page by default.

To go live, do the reverse.

## Deployment

Currently, the site is hosted on Phil's personal shared hosting. Files are uploaded manually via FTP.

Soon I hope to start using automated deployments onto GitHub Pages.

Commit message:

Readme update - Website now hosted on GitHub Pages.

README.md, after:

# HeteroNanoCarb

## https://heteronanocarb.org/

<p align="center">
    <img title="HeteroNanoCarb Logo" width="400" src="logo/NoDate/HeteroNanoCarb_NoDate.png">
</p>

Website files for the HeteroNanoCarb website.

- Conference organiser: Raul Arenal
- Website built by Phil Ewels ([@ewels](https://github.com/ewels/)): <https://phil.ewels.co.uk>

## Web technologies

The site is built with static HTML + CSS. Not much has changed since the original 2013 edition.

The CSS framework used is [Foundation](https://get.foundation/).

## Archiving old sites

For each new iteration of the conference, the site files are copied into a subfolder to archive that year's website and the HTML updated for the next year.

## Holding page

To have a holding web page in place, rename:

- `index.html` to `index_site.html`
- `index_holding.html` to `index.html`

This lets you preview <https://heteronanocarb.org/index_site.html> as you build it but the website will show the holding page by default.

To go live, do the reverse.

## Deployment

The website is hosted using [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/).

To update it, clone the repository to your computer and edit `index.html`. You can open this file in your regular web browser to tech you changes. When you're done, commit any chances and push to the repository. The site should automatically deploy your updates within a couple of minutes. You can see the deployment running under the [Actions tab](https://github.com/ewels/HeteroNanoCarb/actions).
